## Food Truck Project - Week 2 Skill Distillery

### Overview

An application where a user can create one to five Food Trucks, and display information about them.  They will be asked to enter the name, cuisine type, and give each individual truck a rating on a scale of (1-5).  If the user enters 5 trucks, the max is reached and the program continues to display a menu of options -- if the user wants to enter less than 5 trucks, they can enter "quit" when prompted for a Food Truck name and the program will continue on with however many they entered up to that point.  The menu will give the user a choice to 1) List all the existing food trucks. 2) See the average rating of food trucks. 3) Display the highest-rated food truck. 4) Quit the program with an exit message.  If the user does not exit and picks one of the first three menu options, the option will display their choice, and show the menu again every time for another option to chose from until the user chooses to quit.

### Technologies Used

- Eclipse

- Java

- Terminal Commands

- GitHub/Git


### Lessons Learned

- Creating a class Object with constructors to be called and utilized in a program application class.  Having to create an instance of the Application to be used throughout the program to get around the requirement of the only static method being the main method in the FoodTruckApplication class.

- Having two ID's, one static and the other non-static to set a specific and unique ID for each Truck that was generated by the user.

- Using getters and setters in the FoodTruck Object class to be able to access the private data for use in the main application.

- Using toString() in the FoodTruck Object class to display each FoodTruck in the Application class.

- Setting an array with a certain maximum number of spots, but not requiring them all to be filled, contingent on user input.

- Having much less code in main, only about 3 lines.  This forced me to break up the project as much as possible into public void methods that could be called and utilized within each other if needed.

- Manipulating specific data fields from specific index spots in an array. For example, being able to take one piece of data, like a unique Truck's rating, out of one unique spot in the index of the array (the individual truck itself stored in a Food Truck array).

- Switch statements can be used to call upon methods creating a dynamic menu that allowed for much less code in my main.
